Update site with 2021 roadmap (#3226)
weaveworks/eksctl: userdocs/src/community.md

## Release Cadence

Minor releases of `eksctl` are loosely scheduled for weekly on Fridays. Patch
releases will be made available as needed.

One or more release candidate(s) (RC) builds will be made available prior to
each minor release. RC builds are intended only for testing purposes.

## 2021 Roadmap

The following are the features/epics we will focus on and hope to ship this year.
We will take their completion as a marker for graduation to v1.
General maintenance of `eksctl` is still implied alongside this work,
but all subsequent features which are suggested during the year will be weighed
in relation to the core targets.

> Progress on the roadmap can be tracked [here](https://github.com/weaveworks/eksctl/projects/2).

Reviewer: shall we add the issues to the project before updating the site?

Author: i don't think one blocks the other, but is on my list 👍

is already under consideration, to participate in the development of this feature
please refer to the [tracking issue](https://github.com/weaveworks/eksctl/issues/2774)
and our [proposal contributing guide](https://github.com/weaveworks/eksctl/blob/main/CONTRIBUTING.md#proposals).

### Flux v2 integration (GitOps Toolkit)

In 2019 `eksctl` gave users a way to easily create a Gitops-ready ([Flux v1](https://docs.fluxcd.io/en/1.21.1/))
cluster and to declare a set of pre-installed applications ([Quickstart profiles](https://eksctl.io/gitops-quickstart/#enabling-a-quick-start-profile))
which can be managed via a git repo.

Since then, the practice of GitOps has matured, therefore `eksctl`'s support of
GitOps will change to keep up with current standards.

The first stage of this is implementing support for [Flux v2](https://fluxcd.io/).
This support already exists in an experimental form in `eksctl` (`eksctl enable flux`)
and work there will carry on throughout the year.
The next stage is to deprecate support for Flux v1, and expand the capacity of
quickstart profiles. More information can be found [here](https://github.com/weaveworks/eksctl/issues/2963).

> ### Terraform

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
### Terraform integration
```

This is another in-demand feature which has finally made it to the list.
Progress can be followed [here](https://github.com/weaveworks/eksctl/issues/1094).

> An `eksctl` Terraform provider will let users manage their AWS clusters in the
> same format as for their other providers, without needing to understand the intricacies
> of EKS directly.

Reviewer 2: Could be less definite? I.e. at the moment a provider is still just one of the options, right?

```suggestion
One option would be support for an `eksctl` Terraform provider that would let users manage their AWS clusters in the
same format as for their other providers, without needing to understand the intricacies of EKS directly.
```

Author: If we are still deciding on what we want to do wrt terraform, then i feel we probably should not mention it here but just have it in the researching section of the roadmap

Reviewer 2: Ok, then my stance is don't mention it on this page
